---
layout: post
title: "Privacy"
---

**This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through our mobile applications(“Apps”) and how we use that information.**

Collection and Use of Personal Information

**"Personal Information"**

This type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), credit card information and, in some cases, user names;

When you download and use our Apps, we don't require you to provide any personal information and we don't collect any personal information about you, except we collect:

*if you send us an email to request any support, then only we collect the email addresses specifically to provide support*


**"Non-personal Information"**

The information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. Non-personal Information also includes "Usage Data," which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Apps, the date and time of your use of the Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or Apps you used before and after using our Apps.


Non-personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-personal Information to:

- track your use of our Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities to enhance your gaming experience;

- compile statistics;

- protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons;

- determine the jurisdiction in which you are located so we can determine what set of laws apply to you;

- this data may be used for internal purposes such as personalization of content and contextual (not behavioral) advertising.

**Links to Other Content and Third Party Applications**

The Apps may frequently make content or services from other websites available to you from links located without our Sites, whose privacy practices may differ from those of the Apps. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit. Of course, you understand that we are not in any way responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third party websites, services or Applications.


**Children’s Privacy**

We do not use our developed games to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@rrmrocks.com We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.


**Information Sharing**

Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information. We may disclose and use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our Terms of Service or other legal rights (for example, when necessary to protect our or a third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights), or to alert you to changes in our policies or agreements that may affect your use of our application and Website. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information to comply with legal requirements or process, or where necessary to prevent or investigate fraud, to protect the safety of an individual. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with subcontractors, vendors and other businesses that we employ to perform functions on our behalf. For example, we may employ third parties to send email campaigns or provide marketing assistance, or provide customer service. These entities have access to your information only for the purposes of performing the functions for which we have engaged them. If such entities have access to your personally identifiable information, their agreements with us require them to keep your information confidential.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information to a successor acquirer or other related entity, in connection with a sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, or when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.


**Security**

The security of your personal information is important to us. We encrypt the transmission of all information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


**Changes**

Our Privacy Policy may change which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your could immediately stop all use of all the Services. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.


**Questions**

If you have questions about the Policy, feel free to contact us at support@rrmrocks.com.
